/cutScenes/cutSceneBG/background1.png
Ike:That Cantor looked like a twisted agent of evil.
Ike:I'm not sure how many more like him lay ahead of us
Ike:But I know he is not the worst of his kind..
Evelynn-Ike:I urge you to think differently. The dark arts
Evelynn-Ike:are hated and often misunderstood by many.
Evelynn-Ike:His reasons may have been in the wrong place, 
Evelynn-Ike:but never judge a man by his choice of wizardry.
Ike-Evelynn:You scare the hell out of me too. You haven't spoken
Ike-Evelynn:a word to any of us since you magically joined our party
Evelynn-Ike:I am not a mortal being, I fully understand mortals,
Evelynn-Ike:But I do not bleed like you bleed. I have been summoned
Evelynn-Ike:By the Mother Confessors to protect Kahlan.
Evelynn-Ike:If you stand in the way of my task or
Evelynn-Ike:pose a threat to anyone in this army again,
Evelynn-Ike:I will banish you into a world of eternal darkness!
Kahlan:STOP! It's alright! Let him be Evee, we need him.
Evelynn:....
Wolf:We need to all be on board if we are to defeat Dahara,
Wolf:especially by ourselves, We cannot have all this fighting!
Guy:I don't know half you people but I know I don't like you.
Hector:One more word from any of you and I will lose my cool.
Marcus:I'm with Prince Ostia on this one.
Hector-Marcus:I told you to stop calling me that.
Marcus-Hector:My Lord.. I
Ike:My Lord? Surely Hector can't be.. noble..
Ike-Marcus:I am the leader of this rebellion, if you are to call anyone
Ike-Marcus:'My Lord', it ought to be me!
Ike-Hector:Draw your axe 'nobleman'. 
Ike-Hector:People like you are why we are fighting.
Ike-Hector:People with power and servants, who sit around
Ike-Hector:while the poor fight and die just to make a living. 
Ike-Hector:I will have no nobles in my army! Draw your axe!
Marcus-Ike:I am sworn to protect the future king of Ostia.
Marcus-Ike:You will have to kill us both.
Ike:I have everyone on my side! You against my whole ARMY!
Kent:I will not raise arms against them.
Marcus-Ike:Kent was my student for years at the Knights Academy.
Ike:I don't need you Kent! Bard, Wolf come here!
Bard:I don't like combat, I am only here to defeat Dahara.
Wolf:You expect me to battle our friends?
Wolf:People we have fought alongside with for weeks?
Ike:You're all delusional! He is a nobleman! 
Ike:They are the enemy how can you not see!
Guy:I'd sooner strike down Ike. His twisted ideals
Guy:are starting to sound like Raul himself.
Ike:Nino! Kill these fools who betray us!
Nino-Ike:For days now big brother.. 
Nino-Ike:The power.. it has been going to your head..
Ike-Nino:..what?
Nino-Ike:I did not want it to be true.. I did not want you to go.
Ike-Nino:Go where Nino what are you saying!?!
Nino-Ike:To the dark side.. Like father.. you're becoming him.
Ike-Nino:I'll kill you for saying something so foundless!!
Nino:EEEK!!
Merric:Ike if you do not let her go I will raise up the earth against
Merric:you! I care not for you, no harm will come to Nino!
Ike:Alright. I see. Curse all of you! None of you were ever allies!
Ike:From the beginning you have been playing me!
Ike:You have all wanted what I want!
Ike:You're going to try to take it from me!
Ike:You're all crazy! I will rule the Midlands!!! Dahara is MINE
Ike:*runs into the woods*
Raymond:I-Ike! Wait up!! *follows Ike into woods*
Hector:... should we go after them?
Marcus:No.. They won't last a day on their own in this area.
Nino:I wouldn't doubt my brother.. He may be unstable now
Nino:But I am certain we will be seeing him again..