Gameplay:option
This is a remake of the classic GameBoy Advanced Fire Emblem series, FE6-8
I have pulled characters from many other games, however the flow/feel should be similar
to its true inspiration of FE7 The Blazing Blade. This game is solely played on computers
so the key commands are important to remember:
A = Action Key
S = Back Key
W = Info Key
Q = Switch Ally Key
Enter = A for people to play with right hand
` (Tilde) = Minimap view key (while in a chapter)
Arrow Keys = ability to traverse around the game and highlight options
There is no mouse input in this game, so only key commands will be recognized.
The goal of this game is to train your units through combat to strengthen them,
so they can accomplish their goal while fighting tougher units each chapter
Units attack with Items found in their inventory by pressing W over them
Once all red units are dead, or the chapter goal has been fulfiled, the chapter ends
At chapters end you will be prompted to save over 3 separate save locations
ENDTUTORIAL
Units:option
There are several units available in this FE remake, all bringing something special to the fight.
A unit dies when their HP reaches 0, removing them permanently from the game.
Unless you are in Easy Mode where units respawn when dead, a player dies for good.
When looking at what makes a unit "good", a few things should be kept in mind
How strong do their base stats compare to other units of the same level?
How good are their growth rates, found by going into their inventory and pressing q
Stat and growth rate information can be found in the Stats/Growths Tutorial option
How much movement do they have? And is their skill something I can utilize well each chapter?
As the game progresses, larger portions of your army will not be allowed to participate in battle.
You must choose the specific team you think you want to dominate with and train them
If a unit is below level 20, they are considered unpromoted, meaning once they reach
level 20 they will be offered two paths to take, which greatly increase their stats
and will permanently change their Class and potentially their Skill, as well as offer cool benefits
Unpromoted units, although weaker, are often stronger lategame than already promoted units
Because they get access to a crazy stat boost on promotion
ENDTUTORIAL
Classes:option
There are several playable and offensive Classes available in Fire Emblem.
Some of these include Cavalier, Archer, and Mage. A player's Class does not
Control too much in itself, but there are some benefits and detriments to certain classes.
Certain Classes have skills and movement tied to them, units of this class share it
For example, Cavaliers have Momento granting them extra movement since they are mounted.
Additionally, a player's class will give them a certain starting weapon Grade.
Meaning that if a unit uses the weapon they are proficient in, they will get benefits in combat
Cavaliers start with a proficiency in Swords and Lances, while Archers are proficient in Bows
Depending on what your army is lacking in, certain classes may be more desirable than others.
ENDTUTORIAL
Attacking:option
Two units attacking each other is the primary force driving the chapters forward in Fire Emblem
To see how well a unit will perform against another, highlight that unit, move within range
of an enemy, select a weapon to attack and highlight the enemy, a box should appear
detailing essential data to keep track of when evaluating how good an Attack will do
HP - How healthy each player currently is, will be expressed as CurrentHP / MaxHP
Hit - the % chance that this player will land a successful strike on his opponent
DMG - How much damage will be done to the opposing player if the hit lands
CRIT - the % chance this strike (if it lands) will do 3x damage to the opponent
This menu is not always present, however, during EnemyPhase you cannot control
who attacks whom, so you might need to make observations yourself by pressing W
over enemies and observing their Hit, Avoid, Crit, HP, and Damage
Damage is calculated as a units STR/MAG + weapon damage - opponent DEF/RES
Hit's calculation is more complex, involving some skill, a little luck, CON and weapon weight,
but most importantly the full "Hit" attribute of the Item you/they are attacking with.
Avoid is a mix of speed, some luck, and how large you are compared to the item wielded
To calculate the Hit % you will have take your Hit - Opponent Avoid
Be sure to keep in mind the Weapon Triangle, which affects Damage Hit and Crit!
ENDTUTORIAL
Chapter Objectives:option
Chapter Objective Tutorial coming soon!
ENDTUTORIAL
Stats/Growths:option
Each playable Player in the game has a unique set of base stats and growth rates
Base stats are the stats the player starts the game with when they are first spawned in.
The stats go in this order and do the following
HP - health of the player, dead if this reaches 0
STR/MAG - Strength or Magic of player, how much damage this player will deal on their own
SK - Skill, how accurate this player is while wielding weapons
SP - Speed, how fast/agile this player is
LCK - Luck, how lucky this player is, affects several different things
DEF - Defense, how resistant this player is to physical damage
RES - Resistance, how resistant this player is to magical damage
CON - Constitution, the size of the player, affects how effective they use heavy weapons
MOV - Movement, how many tiles this player can move each turn
LV - Level, this unit will promote once they reach level 20
Growth Rates are the chance that each stat will increase when the player levels up
Once a Player's EXP reaches 100 (typically through combat) that player will level up
They will have a certain chance of leveling up each stat, this is what growth rates dictate
If a user has a 50% growth rate, then each level up that stat has a 1 out of 2 chance of adding 1
ENDTUTORIAL
Items:option
Item Tutorial Coming Soon!
include info on weapon types and weapon masteries
ENDTUTORIAL
Skills:option
Each Player has a unique skill associated with them
These skills can be passive, activatable, or turn based
Activatable skills can be cast once per chapter and include Confession and Teleportation.
Passive skills can occur multiple times per chapter, but have a certain chance of occurring
Turn based skills do something at the start of each turn, but are not chance based
Skills can be very useful when determining the usefulness of a player to your army
ENDTUTORIAL
Promotion:option
Promotion tutorial coming soon!
ENDTUTORIAL
Weapon Triangle:option
Certain Weapons achieve dominance over others in combat
Remember this simple triangle to always have the advantage in combat:
                                          Swords beat Axes
                                          Axes beat Lances
                                          Lances beat Swords
Easy! That's the Physical Weapon Triangle, where bows are unaffected
The Magical Weapon Triangle is similar but slightly different:
                                          Fire beats Earth
                                          Ice beats Fire
                                          Earth beats Ice
The only difference here is that Dark magic beats all other types!
Use physical damage dealers with high resistance to combat Dark Mages and Druids
Using the same weapon type against an enemy has no effect on combat
ENDTUTORIAL
Recruitable Units:option
Recruitable Units Tutorial Coming Soon!
ENDTUTORIAL
Convoy:option
Convoy Tutorial Coming Soon!
ENDTUTORIAL